This video is for Mac users only.
If you're using windows, skip ahead to the next video.
The first thing we're going to do is
open up a web browser and visit virtual VirtualBox.org.
Next, find the link that takes
you to the download page
From here, select the file for your platform which is max so well click on the link next to OS X hosts.
Once the download is complete,
we'll go ahead and click on the file to open it.
Now we can, double click on "VirtualBox.pkg" to start the installation.
Click Continue.
continue and will click continue again
and now we'll click install
It prompts you for your password go ahead and enter
that.
The installer reports that the
installation was successful so we can go
ahead and click on the close button. Now,
that the installation is complete.
You can start virtualbox by using spotlight. Press command-space or click the
magnifying glass icon in the upper right
hand corner of the menu bar to bring up
the spotlight search bar. From here,
simply type in virtualbox and press return.
You can also start virtualbox by
opening up the finder, navigating to the
applications folder and double-clicking
on VirtualBox there.
Next, let's install The Unarchiver. The easiest way to do that is to open up the app store.
Let's start spotlight again by clicking
on the magnifying glass icon in the
upper right hand corner of your screen
or again by pressing command space.
So, now just type in appstore and press
return. Next, what we want to do is search for the "the unarchiver".
That should bring up a list of matching applications.
Now simply click on install under the on
archiver and enter enter your password
if you're prompted to do so. In an
upcoming video you'll be asked to
download and extract the contents of a
compressed archive file.
You'll do that with The Unarchiver. Here's an example. I have a file I downloaded that ends in 7z.
I've navigated to that file using the
finder. Now I'll just double click the file and The Unarchiver
will extract the contents of that file. We navigate
into the folder that are created you can
see that the uncompressed file is in
that folder. Now you're ready to install
linux and a virtual machine using virtualbox.